[Waiting Room] Added more context about JSON responses (#6571)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/waiting-room/how-to/create-waiting-room.md

{{<Aside>}}For additional context on creating a waiting room, refer to [Get started](/waiting-room/get-started/).{{</Aside>}}

1.  Within your application, go to **Traffic** > **Waiting Rooms**.
2.  Select **Create**.
3.  Customize the [settings](/waiting-room/reference/configuration-settings/) for your waiting room. For additional guidance refer to [Best practices](/waiting-room/reference/best-practices/).
4.  Select **Next**.

> 5.  If you can [customize your waiting room](/waiting-room/how-to/customize-waiting-room/), update the HTML and CSS as needed. If you are using Waiting Room to manage traffic for your mobile app or API, make sure you have set up a [JSON friendly response](/waiting-room/how-to/json-response/) and toggled on JSON response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  If you can [customize your waiting room](/waiting-room/how-to/customize-waiting-room/), update the HTML and CSS as needed. If you are using Waiting Room to manage traffic for your mobile app or API, make sure you have set up a [JSON friendly response](/waiting-room/how-to/json-response/) and enabled a JSON response.
```

Reviewer: I think this makes more sense, but let me know
